{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14320\viewh9600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We utilize three separate data tables from the United Kingdom\'92s Office of National Statistics (ONS).\
\
The first dataset contains UK national unemployment data from 1971\'97 2023 at the yearly, quarterly, and monthly level. The unemployment rate is computed for individuals aged 16 and over, as well as seasonally adjusted. The values found in this table for unemployment rate are recorded as percentages. The time series was webscrapped from the following location:\
https://www.ons.gov.uk/employmentandlabourmarket/peoplenotinwork/unemployment/timeseries/mgsx/lms\cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
The second dataset contains UK national CPIH data from 1989\'97 2024 at the yearly, quarterly, and monthly level. According to MoneyWeek, "CPIH is another related measure calculated by the ONS. It stands for the Consumer Prices Index including owner occupiers\'92 housing costs... CPIH is similar to CPI, but includes the costs of owning, maintaining and living in a home. This means it also shares characteristics with RPI. CPIH is the ONS's best measure of UK inflation given it captures more of the economy than the other two measures. However, given the UK housing system is different to that of any other nation, it is not internationally comparable." \
https://moneyweek.com/economy/inflation/605602/cpi-inflation-vs-rpi-inflation#:~:text=CPIH%20is%20another%20related%20measure,and%20living%20in%20a%20home\
\
The CPIH is computed with using the year 2015 as a base year with value of 100. The values found in this table for CPIH are recorded as annual rates, depicting the year-over-year (YoY) change for the CPIH compared to one year prior. The time series was webscrapped from the following location:\
https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/inflationandpriceindices/timeseries/l55o/mm23\
\
The third dataset contains detailed indices data that comprise the UK CPIH from 2008\'972024. This dataset is contained in an XLSX containing categories everything from milk, cheese, and eggs to newspapers and periodicals. Specifically we are interested in the component of CPIH related to the sales of second hand cars. These data are computed with using the year 2015 as a base year with value of 100. These data accompany the ONS\'92s release \'93Consumer price inflation, UK: January 2024\'94 found at the following location:\
https://www.ons.gov.uk/releases/consumerpriceinflationukjanuary2024\
With the explicit XLSX available for public download at the following location:\
https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/inflationandpriceindices/datasets/consumerpriceinflation}